README.md, before:

# CTF Pwns challenge

Some of my ctf pwn challenge collections.

## Index

- [Meowmow - zer0pts CTF 2020](./kernel/meowmow)
- [Babyllvm - Codegate CTF 2020](./others/babyllvm)
- [Unfork - CSAW CTF 2019 Finals](./kernel/unfork)
- [ORMAPP,ORM - Codegate CTF 2020](./escape/ORM)
- [Knote V2 - D^3 CTF 2019](./kernel/knoteV2)
- [Sloppy-dev - Dragon Sector CTF 2019](./kernel/sloppy-dev)
- [QTCG - XCTF Finals 2019](./escape/QTCG)
- [Blazeme - Blaze CTF 2018](./kernel/blazeme)
- [Kpets - Facebook CTF 2019](./kernel/kpets)
- [Plaid CTF 2019 - Spectre](./cpu/spectre)
- [SECCON 2019 Quals - Random Pitfalls](./cpu/random_pitfalls)
- [Production - Teaser Dragon Sector CTF 2018](./others/production)
- [note3 - ZCTF 2016](./heap/heap-unlink/note3)
- [Seccon 2017 quals - Candy Store](./heap/house-of/candy_store)
- [Asis CTF 2016 - B00ks](./heap/off-by-one/b00ks)
- [0CTF 2019 - Baby Heap 2019](./heap/off-by-one/babyheap2019)
- [CandyStore - MMA CTF 2016](./heap/off-by-one/candystore)
- [Car Market - ASIS CTF 2016 Finals](./heap/off-by-one/carmarket)
- [Hack.lu 2018 - Heap Heaven II](./heap/heap-unlink/heap_heaven_2)
- [Hungman - CSAW CTF 2016](./heap/heap-trival/hungman)
- [It's me (Mario) - Defcon quals 2018](./heap/heap-trival/mario)
- [Dmail - Blaze CTF 2016](./heap/heap-multi/dmail)
- [Faststorage - Teaser Dragon Sector CTF 2018](./heap/heap-multi/faststorage)
- [House of scepticism - Hack.lu 2017](./heap/heap-multi/houseofscepticism)
- [Hack.lu 2018 - Slot Machine](./heap/heap-tcache/slot_machine)
- [Defcon CTF 2019 Finals - Babi](./heap/heap-multi/babi)
- [BBQ - TWCTF 4th 2018](./heap/heap-multi/BBQ)
- [Hack.lu 2018 - Heap Hell](./heap/fsop/heap_hell)
- [Heap Storm II - 0ctf quals 2018](./heap/heap-largebin/heapstorm2)
- [Bufoverflow_B - SCTF 2018](./heap/fsop/bufoverflow_b)
- [PoE - Hitcon Quals 2019](./escape/PoE)
- [Gnote - TWCTF 2019](./kernel/gnote)
- [LCARS - DEF CON CTF Quals 2019](./escape/LCARS)
- [Defcon CTF 2019 Finals - Aoool](./type-confusion/aoool)
- [HXP 2018 - Green Computing I](./escape/GreenComputing)
- [ASIS CTF Finals 2018 - Modern KeX](./kernel/KeX)
- [\*CTF Finals 2019 - Hack Me](./kernel/hackme)
- [0CTF 2019 - babyaegis](./others/babyaegis)
- [CG_CASINO - Codegate 2019 Preliminary](./environ-tricks/cg_casino)
- [P4 Teaser CONFidence CTF - p4fmt](./kernel/p4fmt)
- [SECCON 2018 - Q-Escape](./escape/q-escape)
- [X-nuca 2018 - SSD](./escape/ssd)
- [Hitcon 2018 - Abyss](./escape/abyss)
- [Neighbor C - TWCTF 4th 2018](./format-string/neighbor_c)
- [Vertical Takeoff Vertical Landing - CodeBlue 2017](./environ-tricks/VTVL)
- [House of Card - 0ctf 2018](./environ-tricks/house_of_c4rd)
- [Mult-o-flow - Hack.lu 2017](./rop-strict/mult-o-flow)
- [Heaps of print - Hack.lu 2017](./format-string/heapsofprint)
- [Heapstar - Asis CTF 2016 Finals](./format-string/heapstar)
- [Asis CTF 2016 - Funpwn](./type-confusion/funpwn)

Commit message:

add fireshell return-of-the-slide

README.md, after:

# CTF Pwns challenge

Some of my ctf pwn challenge collections.

## Index

- [The Return of the Slide - FireShell CTF 2020](./browser/The-Return-of-the-Slide)
- [Babyllvm - Codegate CTF 2020](./others/babyllvm)
- [Unfork - CSAW CTF 2019 Finals](./kernel/unfork)
- [ORMAPP,ORM - Codegate CTF 2020](./escape/ORM)
- [Meowmow - zer0pts CTF 2020](./kernel/meowmow)
- [Knote V2 - D^3 CTF 2019](./kernel/knoteV2)
- [Sloppy-dev - Dragon Sector CTF 2019](./kernel/sloppy-dev)
- [QTCG - XCTF Finals 2019](./escape/QTCG)
- [Blazeme - Blaze CTF 2018](./kernel/blazeme)
- [Kpets - Facebook CTF 2019](./kernel/kpets)
- [Plaid CTF 2019 - Spectre](./cpu/spectre)
- [SECCON 2019 Quals - Random Pitfalls](./cpu/random_pitfalls)
- [Production - Teaser Dragon Sector CTF 2018](./others/production)
- [note3 - ZCTF 2016](./heap/heap-unlink/note3)
- [Seccon 2017 quals - Candy Store](./heap/house-of/candy_store)
- [Asis CTF 2016 - B00ks](./heap/off-by-one/b00ks)
- [0CTF 2019 - Baby Heap 2019](./heap/off-by-one/babyheap2019)
- [CandyStore - MMA CTF 2016](./heap/off-by-one/candystore)
- [Car Market - ASIS CTF 2016 Finals](./heap/off-by-one/carmarket)
- [Hack.lu 2018 - Heap Heaven II](./heap/heap-unlink/heap_heaven_2)
- [Hungman - CSAW CTF 2016](./heap/heap-trival/hungman)
- [It's me (Mario) - Defcon quals 2018](./heap/heap-trival/mario)
- [Dmail - Blaze CTF 2016](./heap/heap-multi/dmail)
- [Faststorage - Teaser Dragon Sector CTF 2018](./heap/heap-multi/faststorage)
- [House of scepticism - Hack.lu 2017](./heap/heap-multi/houseofscepticism)
- [Hack.lu 2018 - Slot Machine](./heap/heap-tcache/slot_machine)
- [Defcon CTF 2019 Finals - Babi](./heap/heap-multi/babi)
- [BBQ - TWCTF 4th 2018](./heap/heap-multi/BBQ)
- [Hack.lu 2018 - Heap Hell](./heap/fsop/heap_hell)
- [Heap Storm II - 0ctf quals 2018](./heap/heap-largebin/heapstorm2)
- [Bufoverflow_B - SCTF 2018](./heap/fsop/bufoverflow_b)
- [PoE - Hitcon Quals 2019](./escape/PoE)
- [Gnote - TWCTF 2019](./kernel/gnote)
- [LCARS - DEF CON CTF Quals 2019](./escape/LCARS)
- [Defcon CTF 2019 Finals - Aoool](./type-confusion/aoool)
- [HXP 2018 - Green Computing I](./escape/GreenComputing)
- [ASIS CTF Finals 2018 - Modern KeX](./kernel/KeX)
- [\*CTF Finals 2019 - Hack Me](./kernel/hackme)
- [0CTF 2019 - babyaegis](./others/babyaegis)
- [CG_CASINO - Codegate 2019 Preliminary](./environ-tricks/cg_casino)
- [P4 Teaser CONFidence CTF - p4fmt](./kernel/p4fmt)
- [SECCON 2018 - Q-Escape](./escape/q-escape)
- [X-nuca 2018 - SSD](./escape/ssd)
- [Hitcon 2018 - Abyss](./escape/abyss)
- [Neighbor C - TWCTF 4th 2018](./format-string/neighbor_c)
- [Vertical Takeoff Vertical Landing - CodeBlue 2017](./environ-tricks/VTVL)
- [House of Card - 0ctf 2018](./environ-tricks/house_of_c4rd)
- [Mult-o-flow - Hack.lu 2017](./rop-strict/mult-o-flow)
- [Heaps of print - Hack.lu 2017](./format-string/heapsofprint)
- [Heapstar - Asis CTF 2016 Finals](./format-string/heapstar)
- [Asis CTF 2016 - Funpwn](./type-confusion/funpwn)
